Kathryn Bolles: Hi, how
Are you
Kathryn Bolles: I'm okay, how are you
Good.
Kathryn Bolles: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: How do you say your last name.
Kathryn Bolles: Balls.
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay.
Natalie Austin: What's your date of birth.
Natalie Austin: What's your code.
Kathryn Bolles: For 3606
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm Natalie.
Natalie Austin: On the PA
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So tell me about your, give me your story about some opioid
Natalie Austin: Issues and Suboxone therapy. How'd you How old are you started
Natalie Austin: How did you get in
I
Kathryn Bolles: OK, I was probably see
Kathryn Bolles: It was in
Kathryn Bolles: 2016 so that was four years ago. So I was 31 um it was after I had my second child.
Kathryn Bolles: I had an accident, I guess you could say, or the doctors did with an epidural to where I had to have your nerve damage in my back. And so after that happened, then they prescribe me prescription opioids for the pain.
Kathryn Bolles: And then I also ended up after that going into postpartum eclampsia.
Kathryn Bolles: So I'd like severe migraines because of the magnesium issues and things like that. And I was hospitalized. So then I was also put on pain medication for that.
Kathryn Bolles: To where they realized I had like a super high tolerance for pain medication. And so I was actually put on
Kathryn Bolles: oxy codeine or oxy cotton. I don't remember which one that it was, but, um, and so I was taking that for a while and the father of my kids is actually a former drug addict.
Kathryn Bolles: He started with a football injury and got prescribed prescription opioids and then it just got progressively worse till it turned into heroin and so I kind of had seen with a head done to a person to a family two kids to everything.
Kathryn Bolles: And I didn't
Kathryn Bolles: want that to happen to me, and so it's almost like after so long, of taking the prescription, because I was hospitalized because of all of this, after the baby for like three weeks.
Kathryn Bolles: So I only actually took the opioids like given to me by the doctor in the hospital. And once I got the script. I was like, I don't want to take this because I had the fear that what had happened to him was going to happen to me.
Kathryn Bolles: Um, and so at the time he was actually on a Suboxone treatment. And so he was like here, just take this, you know, this will you know help ease the pain but
Kathryn Bolles: You know you won't have the issues of getting addicted to the opioid so I did that. And then when I tried to stop taking it. It was like impossible, like I couldn't stop taking it.
Kathryn Bolles: And I also struggle like super bad with like anxiety, like my anxiety is super high. I've been tested for like all kinds of cardiac issues like everything there is. I've been to see a cardiologist.
Kathryn Bolles: All things like that. And they say, if there's nothing wrong with my heart in that same year in 2016 I had been to the emergency room probably 50 plus times thinking I was having a heart attack and it was anxiety. I'm sorry. It makes me emotional um
Kathryn Bolles: But, and then. So I went to see like a doctor and a therapist and things like that for my anxiety.
Kathryn Bolles: And
Kathryn Bolles: None of them would prescribe medication and they only wanted you know to do like cognitive therapies and nothing was working for me.
Kathryn Bolles: And so basically I guess since then, because
Kathryn Bolles: They wouldn't give it to me. I was getting it from, you know, people I knew who had it, which I know is it right but I was trying to do what I needed to do because I was a single mom and I had two kids to raise
Kathryn Bolles: To make myself feel better. Um, and then the same thing with the Suboxone I tried to go in our area and get Suboxone treatment but around here.
Kathryn Bolles: A it's almost impossible to find somewhere that will take insurance.
Kathryn Bolles: So it's super, super expensive and as a single mom of two kids. I couldn't afford it.
Kathryn Bolles: Um, and then because they require so much like you have to go every single day to meetings like three hours a day and things like that. You can't take your kids with you and it's like I felt like
Kathryn Bolles: No one was willing to help almost, I guess. And so I just did what you know whether it was right or wrong. I did what I had to do just to be able to live day to day and take care of my kids. So I guess that's kind of
Natalie Austin: So what did you have to do day to day. What did you resort to
Kathryn Bolles: Um, well, I mean, I would just
Kathryn Bolles: I had me on the street. Yeah, I had known people who had prescriptions of, you know, Xanax in Suboxone and so I would just get it from them and I had known that because my husband, because then on top.
Kathryn Bolles: Of all that like I already had pre existing anxiety and then in 2017 my husband had actually got back into using drugs like because he couldn't afford to keep going to Suboxone clinics anymore, and all of those things. And so he got back into using drugs.
Kathryn Bolles: He took my daughter with him in a car to get drugs and the police, you know, realized what he was doing chased him he crashed a car with my baby in the car.
Kathryn Bolles: went to prison for three years, like, yeah. And so it's just kind of been like a roller coaster and like so that set my anxiety even higher because that we lost our house. We lost our cars. I mean, we lost everything. I was homeless with two kids.
Kathryn Bolles: And so like I said, like I just, I mean, I basically had to turn everything like around by myself, because like we don't have any like family like around or anything like that, um,
Kathryn Bolles: And so it was just me and the kids. And so I just did. Like I said, I knew people who had had it, because obviously his circle of friends.
Kathryn Bolles: Was, you know, former drug addicts and things like that. And so I just knew where to get it from. And I knew what I was doing was wrong, but I also knew that if I didn't have those things that there was no way I was going to be able to function to be able to take care of my kids so
Natalie Austin: What age did August. What age were you and he has this the C section with your second child hold up all the started. How old were you
Kathryn Bolles: And I was 31
Natalie Austin: Okay, how old are you now.
Kathryn Bolles: 3536 3536 I'll be there. I'll be 36 in October.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So 31
Natalie Austin: To five years almost six years of this
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, she was born in 2000 december of 2015
Natalie Austin: Right, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, how have you see, you see have gone to other Suboxone clinics, but
Natalie Austin: Any astronomical fee, whatever it is.
Kathryn Bolles: Great.
Natalie Austin: I think then you left there because you couldn't afford the monthly fees and the daily whatever it is that's
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, it was really. I mean, a lot of them. It was like they wanted like $500 just to initially see you and then you have
Natalie Austin: To
Kathryn Bolles: Pay for your prescription because they wouldn't run it through insurance. So you had to then pay for the prescription and then you had to pay for like the daily
Kathryn Bolles: meetings that you had to go to like with a therapist. The group sessions, all of that. And I mean, it ended up coming out to thousands of dollars a month. And that just wasn't. I mean, I was barely getting by. It wasn't even something that was kind of attainable to do
Natalie Austin: Right. Oh my gosh.
Yeah.
Kathryn Bolles: And then, and then with like the anxiety medication. I had a doctor for a while, who kind of, I guess, had seen like
Kathryn Bolles: Everything I had been through, and I had tried going you know to therapist and tried the different things to deal with my anxiety, but it's almost like my anxiety has turned to, like, kind of like
Kathryn Bolles: A PTSD kind of thing and sort of way to where like there's things that just trigger like my anxiety and like I can't control it and it will raise my heart rate and that's what
Kathryn Bolles: leads me to go like to the emergency room because I think I'm having a heart attack, because I have all those symptoms and so for a while I was actually prescribed
Kathryn Bolles: Xanax and add a van. I was prescribed to add events to take during the day just to keep me calm during the day and then the Xanax to take at night to help me to be able to sleep through the night.
Kathryn Bolles: And then after so long, she said, Because of, I don't know, some certain laws or something that had passed in the state of Ohio.
Kathryn Bolles: That she as my primary care physician was no longer able to prescribe them. And so I was cut off like cold turkey from those medications and then when I went like I said it a try to go see a therapist. They wanted nothing
Kathryn Bolles: Any kind of medical
Kathryn Bolles: And
Kathryn Bolles: The people that I went to, I guess, they just they said they didn't think that it was necessary. They didn't believe in it. They thought that there was other ways to deal with it and that that led to the same kind of
Kathryn Bolles: Like the same thing has like the opioid crisis because like Xanax as an addictive medication, but I mean, it's one of the only things that works like because that's how bad that my anxiety is so
Kathryn Bolles: That's why I signed another slide psychiatrists that will prescribe that for you.
Kathryn Bolles: I haven't been able to know, not one that will take
My shorter
Natalie Austin: You called your insurance company to see who's covered under your insurance. They have a list of all. Oh.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, I have a huge list of different like psychiatry city therapist stuff. And I've, I went to probably about six different ones or talk to about six different ones. And I can't get prescribed anything that
That would help.
Natalie Austin: Even even buying that off the street to them.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So when was the last time you had a prescription for the Suboxone
Kathryn Bolles: I've never had a prescription
Natalie Austin: I've never done. Do you always got clinics, but they handed them to you, kind of, okay,
Natalie Austin: So the last time you took us the box them today.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, this morning.
Natalie Austin: The film or the pills.
Kathryn Bolles: The film.
Film
Natalie Austin: Do you have a pharmacy.
Natalie Austin: You
Natalie Austin: Use the phone.
Natalie Austin: We usually do like daily or twice a day dosing
Kathryn Bolles: Is the standard. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Which one works for us. And once a day or twice a day.
Kathryn Bolles: I usually take it twice a day. I usually take it like in the morning within like an hour to of getting up
Kathryn Bolles: Right.
Kathryn Bolles: And then like later in like the evening, like a few hours before I go to bed.
Natalie Austin: Right, okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So what else is included in your past medical history, and we've been designing
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: You never use IV drugs. Did you
Natalie Austin: Know that, that's good.
Natalie Austin: Um, do you have a high blood pressure. Do you have diabetes thyroid disease.
Kathryn Bolles: I do have an issue. I do have
Kathryn Bolles: borderline hyperthyroidism. But to the point where I
Kathryn Bolles: It's really complicated. I guess like because it's super like borderline so like
Kathryn Bolles: It. He oh it's whole tour and it makes my heart race it tear
Kathryn Bolles: Down because they can't get it under control, because it's like so borderline that if I
Natalie Austin: Will give you
Natalie Austin: Medicine.
Kathryn Bolles: I have medicine for it.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, but if I take the medication daily it automatically throws me into hyperthyroidism because it's so borderline that they're still trying to figure out, like if I just need to take the smallest dosage, which I think is like five milligrams, which is what I prescribed
Kathryn Bolles: Like once every three days.
Natalie Austin: Or once every other day.
Natalie Austin: Right now, if I
Kathryn Bolles: Take it every day. Then it like throws me the other way and then it's just a whole different
Natalie Austin: Set of symptoms well being and being hypo might not be bad for you though.
Natalie Austin: You know, I mean, because you are so you're so manic, you're so anxious
Natalie Austin: Yeah, might actually do good, you know, I mean, just because
Kathryn Bolles: He
Natalie Austin: Still feeling of hypos yeah being tired, you're not you're anxious at all. You know, it's a complete opposite.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, people my function better at that means that make sense.
Kathryn Bolles: Right. Yeah. Because I guess they said that I was when I finally, I was just diagnosed with hyper last April. So it's only been like a year.
Kathryn Bolles: And they said that I probably went for
Kathryn Bolles: You know, five to 10 years I'm diagnosed and that could have also a lot to do with like my, you know, my heart rate issues like
Kathryn Bolles: Heart rate being super high and yeah absolutely that
Natalie Austin: So that's the first thing I always think of whatever anyone says anxiety to me and heart problems I check a TSH
Natalie Austin: Immediately, and nine out of 10 women habit.
Natalie Austin: I mean, that's right.
Kathryn Bolles: And I think that was the problem with because I was always tested. You know what I mean, like, but because it's so borderline
Natalie Austin: Yeah, like
Kathryn Bolles: When they did test, you know, maybe it didn't come back. It's showing anything. But then there was at one time that like last year. Like I said that I went
Kathryn Bolles: And I mean, my heart rate when I went, because I actually had to call an ambulance because like my heart rate was like over 200 I couldn't breathe. Like it was bad. And they said that, like, it kind of sent me almost into I think what they called like a
Natalie Austin: thyroid storm.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, and they said it's because it had went undiagnosed for so
Natalie Austin: So long yeah builds up. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: It can be an emergency. Absolutely.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, keep an eye on that.
Kathryn Bolles: He
Natalie Austin: Or you could switch to I have thyroid disease. That's how I know so much about it. I mean, I had a hyper at first.
Natalie Austin: And then, um, when I had my kids I was used thyroid. I was. Yeah. I mean, it was normal.
Natalie Austin: He go between hyper or hypo and normal cycle up and down all the time.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Or thing and you know you know your body. But yeah, it's very possible to go up and down from hyper or hypo to you, thyroid
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, and I see
Natalie Austin: You times that you got tested. You were like
Natalie Austin: Use I would probably shade.
Right.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's
Natalie Austin: My thing but yeah regulator temperature your moods.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it's a pretty maybe Bonnie. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: What message are you taking for that, um,
Kathryn Bolles: It's a mess mess Amazon. Oh, I see. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Easily. It's like five milligrams three times a day, but that's good. If you just take a five every other day, or every wanted to
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, they had me on five milligrams once a day, and now it's five milligrams every other day to see if that helps.
Kathryn Bolles: But obviously with like everything that's been going on, like, I haven't been able to go back and get like any blood work or anything done. They're kind of just like holding off on that until this whole like
Kathryn Bolles: Shelter F1 quarantine thing.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, kind of passes so
Natalie Austin: No.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Did you see a heart doctor did you see a cardiologist tried numerous EKG.
Kathryn Bolles: All the time I
Kathryn Bolles: Say, geez. I've had echoes done multiple times. I've done like the stress test where you like run on the treadmill.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah.
And every single time.
Kathryn Bolles: I've had a 48 our heart monitor attached me. I've had a 30 day heart monitor attached me
Kathryn Bolles: Because I was just so convinced, like in my head that like there's got to be something wrong with my heart because you know I'm always getting the chest pains in my heart is always
Kathryn Bolles: Racing so fast. And it's always so up and down. But, you know, they're like, that's your anxiety, your anxiety is like your heart rate go from being only 65 to being 105 because there's something in your brain that you're getting anxious about and so your heart rate is raising and
Kathryn Bolles: Right, so
Natalie Austin: You're yeah you're awfully young to have a heart attack on if anyone ever told you that, but it takes years of abuse to get heart disease.
Natalie Austin: Like I see patients when they're 22 with chest pain, I just look at it. I'm like,
Natalie Austin: Oh, I don't go to jail. Like I can tell them this, I'm like you're about to develop heart disease, you know,
Natalie Austin: Me, you know, like it's not your heart. Yes. And I've
Kathryn Bolles: Been told that so many times.
Natalie Austin: It's physically impossible.
Kathryn Bolles: They think I'm crazy, but I mean it's just something that's like in your head that like you can't control, you know, they mean
Natalie Austin: Well, you have to do you have to try to control your thoughts, though, try to tell
Natalie Austin: You that it's called retrain the brain.
Natalie Austin: He got to tell yourself look it's physically impossible for you to have a heart attack at this age. I'm way too young. If I was 65 maybe
Natalie Austin: See, you kind of have to like talk to yourself.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I'm yourself down.
Natalie Austin: Say it's not worth getting anxious over, you know, go to your happy place to try something like yoga or meditation.
Kathryn Bolles: It.
Natalie Austin: I'll help calm your whole body down
Natalie Austin: Please, how you can you can control your body
Natalie Austin: Yeah, talk to it.
Natalie Austin: They look not doing this today. You're not. You're not gonna make my heart race today.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, some time for this today.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Gotta be in tune with yourself. I know.
Natalie Austin: What this is a tricky thing.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it kind of takes over the body. Sometimes it's like an alien. It just attacks you, it's like, get away from me.
Kathryn Bolles: That's exactly what it's
Natalie Austin: No, it's not fun.
No.
Natalie Austin: Oh, that's why. Why the other psychiatry certified Chuck fun trying to tell you this. We got other ways to lower your anxiety. Right.
Natalie Austin: And have you tried the other stuff.
Kathryn Bolles: Yoga and meditate. Yeah. I mean, I've tried it, it just
Kathryn Bolles: It'll work like like in the moment.
Kathryn Bolles: But like
Kathryn Bolles: It's like when I get to the point where like meanings it so high that I have a panic attack. There's nothing that's gonna like
Kathryn Bolles: Bring you back down for bed.
Natalie Austin: Not even a chocolate bar. No, there's
Kathryn Bolles: No, like I'm literally
Kathryn Bolles: Convinced that like
Kathryn Bolles: Guy and like
Kathryn Bolles: To me, and I don't
Kathryn Bolles: And I don't know, like I I've tried so hard to like
Kathryn Bolles: Try everything that I can like I've
Natalie Austin: Like reading like game like reading
Natalie Austin: You know, I've listened to classical music. That's what I tell a lot of patients is due to come. It calms the brain down
Natalie Austin: Because there's no words to jumbled up in the branch. It's nice and calming. Have you ever tried and any like even music QUIET MUSIC We Ever tried that.
No.
Natalie Austin: I'm just a suggestion.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: But, um, it's called music therapy. It's pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: I read a lot about it but it works very well.
Natalie Austin: Now, you're too young to go through that.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, it's awful.
Natalie Austin: You're it's like you're torturing yourself, but you know, but you're, you know, you're not trying
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: Wait wait for your kids today they have
Kathryn Bolles: Their BS or with their death.
Natalie Austin: Okay. How old are they
Kathryn Bolles: My daughter is she just turned four and my son will be seven in July.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow. Ah, those are cute ages.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Are you going
Kathryn Bolles: Right now. Yeah, because they're out of school right now. So yeah, and
I
Natalie Austin: Know the four year old to she improved like a preschool coughing or
Kathryn Bolles: Um, no. She won't start preschool till next year, but she's kind of like doing little things, you know, with him here and there, just because she wants to do what he's doing.
Kathryn Bolles: So, but it's good for her because I mean she's in the last because we've been on like a shelter at home order since
Kathryn Bolles: March 12, I think it was. Yeah, so we've been home and we haven't went like anywhere done anything. And so she's been, you know, doing little by little every day with him and she's learned, like all her numbers and she can count to 20 now and
Kathryn Bolles: Do recognizes her letters. So, I mean, it was
Kathryn Bolles: My, you know, the, what do they say like the, I don't know the bright spot and something that's bad, like
Kathryn Bolles: Right, it's something good. That came from something bad that's happening is you know she's learning stuff. So it's pretty cool to watch her, but it makes me realize she's got a baby.
Natalie Austin: That's true. I was just told her mama hug.
Kathryn Bolles: Zone land your oh yeah oh
Natalie Austin: That's cute.
Natalie Austin: Your little girls grow up.
Natalie Austin: Grow up too fast.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, they do.
Natalie Austin: Huh, well great is your son.
Kathryn Bolles: And he's in kindergarten.
Kathryn Bolles: First grade next year. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Oh, that's awesome.
Natalie Austin: Mm hmm homeschooling adapting
Kathryn Bolles: Um, he didn't like it at first, but now I think he's like he's like grasping for that like routine of like
Kathryn Bolles: School so
Kathryn Bolles: He now like will ask me everyday, like is it time to do school work. Is it time to do school work. So he's excited to do it now because you know he's, he misses his friends, I think, but
Yeah.
Kathryn Bolles: He's happy to be let's a big thing. I think for kindergarten, cuz I used to be a teacher.
Kathryn Bolles: And that's a big like the social like relationships and, you know, is a big thing for
Kathryn Bolles: Like missing out on that for like half of their school year, which is crazy, but
Natalie Austin: That's like their first time they're actually like kind of independent
Natalie Austin: Away right for half a day or whatever it is.
Kathryn Bolles: For the first. Yeah.
Kathryn Bolles: And my kids never went to daycare because i was i always stayed at home and I work from home. So that was like his really like first time like being exposed to being around like a whole bunch of kids and having, you know, friends, like other little kids to play with. Besides his sister.
Natalie Austin: I have a lot of kids are doing that, zoom, they see each other. Um, I don't know if you have
Natalie Austin: Facebook has a messenger app. It's a messenger kids.
Kathryn Bolles: For kids. Yeah, I saw that I haven't looked into it, but I did.
Natalie Austin: All you can do. It's free. And the kids all get on. We have all the kids.
Natalie Austin: In my Matthews school classroom. They're all on it and they talk to each other on this messenger kid, you can FaceTime each other.
Kathryn Bolles: Mm hmm.
Natalie Austin: send pictures. I mean, you can like put yours on your head. They sent pictures of each other with money.
Natalie Austin: It's super cool.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, I'll definitely look into it. You see,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, look into that and you just send a link to the moms of the kids that you want to play with your kids.
Kathryn Bolles: A
Natalie Austin: Link on Facebook and they sign up and then they're all connected.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, that's cool.
Natalie Austin: So monitor everything they do and say and see
Kathryn Bolles: Right, yeah.
Natalie Austin: But it's good for their socialization.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, for sure.
Kathryn Bolles: Started missing out on that now.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, but that way they can actually see each other on the screen. Kinda like you and I are, you know,
Kathryn Bolles: Great, great. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: We're looking at messenger kids. It's pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: You just send you sign up and then you start sending links to everybody and you get in this little circle. It's pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: Huh.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so under your past medical history, do anything else besides just anxiety and hyperthyroidism.
Natalie Austin: Know ideas do you have high blood pressure, high cholesterol.
Natalie Austin: No, you're too young for all that, too.
Natalie Austin: Um, any past surgeries.
Know,
Natalie Austin: Just to divert to natural birth.
Kathryn Bolles: Yep.
Kathryn Bolles: That's all you
Natalie Austin: Know C sections section.
Natalie Austin: No. Do you have
Natalie Austin: When you have a nerve damage from the epidural. I still have, you still have nerve nerve damage from that.
Kathryn Bolles: I still feel the pain in my back. Yeah, it's definitely not as bad as it was. But again, I mean, I also use the Suboxone. It's kind of like a pain.
Natalie Austin: It works for pain management.
Kathryn Bolles: Kind of thing. So, I mean, that definitely helps it
Kathryn Bolles: But I can tell that I still have especially like when I first wake up in the morning like my back is like really stiff like in the places.
Kathryn Bolles: Where I know that it like because it was where the needle was like injected they like hit something wrong and they had to take it back out and then put it back in. And it was like a student who did it, and
Kathryn Bolles: They almost told me immediately. Like, you're probably going to have
Kathryn Bolles: Pain in this area because of how it was injected the wrong way. So,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, in our nerves along your spine like this.
Kathryn Bolles: Mm hmm.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they put the injection right in the middle. If they're too far left for too far right, even by a millimeter you'll hit a nerve.
Kathryn Bolles: Right. Yeah. And I think at a
Kathryn Bolles: Time and it was painful. Because I remember getting the epidural for the first kid and like it was like nothing like I thought it was gonna hurt so bad. I was so scared. I almost didn't get it. And then they're like, Okay, we're done. And I'm like, that's it. Like you've already put it in.
Kathryn Bolles: And it didn't hurt and then with the second one, when they stuck it the first time, like I like screams like in like horrific pain and the doctors like yep he hit the nerve and he was. She was like, we're going to get the regular, you know,
Kathryn Bolles: Doc person in here. Yeah, to do it, not the student or whatever. And I was like, oh my god, it was so
Natalie Austin: Sore thing.
Kathryn Bolles: And then to have to go through birth. After that, it's like
Natalie Austin: Oh, don't, don't ever know Mia. Did they ever get it not not
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, the doctor eventually came in and got it in the right way and then it works fine. So the actual birthday to her at all.
Natalie Austin: Oh god.
Kathryn Bolles: Once it wore off though I could tell that
Kathryn Bolles: That was. And that's when they started like the pain medication.
Kathryn Bolles: Because not
Kathryn Bolles: The actual pain from, you know, having like a natural
Kathryn Bolles: Birth, but then to have the nerve damage in
Kathryn Bolles: Right, and then they also put me on something else for nerve damage. Back then, too. I think it was called like
Kathryn Bolles: Gabba pet never heard. Yeah, because of the nerve damage before so
Natalie Austin: Are you still on that to
Know,
Natalie Austin: So you still have your gallbladder appendix and tonsils.
Kathryn Bolles: Mm hmm.
Natalie Austin: No other surgeries okay no surgeries actually
Natalie Austin: Okay um family history or your parents so alive.
Natalie Austin: Yes, you talk to them.
Kathryn Bolles: And occasionally,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, how do they know they're
Kathryn Bolles: All my dad is I think 50. Let's see. I'm 36. So my dad is 56 my mom's 55
Natalie Austin: Okay, well they alive and well live with my blood.
Kathryn Bolles: My dad. My mom is
Kathryn Bolles: My mom has the same hyperthyroidism so disaster.
Natalie Austin: So, does my Gran. It goes in the family, too.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, but my dad actually has my dad has diabetes. My dad has high blood pressure. He was just diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Kathryn Bolles: Oh, I'm so and he's overweight in
Kathryn Bolles: So, yeah.
Natalie Austin: And you said you have siblings brothers and sisters or
Kathryn Bolles: I have one brother and one sister. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: How old are they
Kathryn Bolles: Oh, my sister is I'm 36 so my sister is 32 and my brother is 31
Natalie Austin: And your son is just trashed by Roy disease.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Brothers, you have any any issues at all.
Kathryn Bolles: Anymore. No, not that I know. I know.
Natalie Austin: You talked to them.
Kathryn Bolles: My sister. Sometimes my brother, not so much. You
Natalie Austin: They live in the area so
Kathryn Bolles: No, they don't live near us but
Kathryn Bolles: A lot of things have happened within like our family when
Kathryn Bolles: The my kid's dad like went to jail. And like all of that stuff happened. And so, and that's all freshly coming to an end, like he just
Kathryn Bolles: Came home within the last six months or got out of jail in the last six months. And so that's been a lot to deal with within our family and then like he doesn't have like a family like his mom is a drug addict, his brother is
Kathryn Bolles: Kind of crazy and just unkind and then his dad passed away from cancer like six or seven years ago, so
Kathryn Bolles: We don't have any family like from his side, so
Natalie Austin: See if he moved back in with your you guys get back together.
Kathryn Bolles: He is living with us right now. Yeah, just for the kids sake, and we're trying to, you know, work on things and stuff like that. And we were supposed to start going to like a couples therapy.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, before like this all started. So that's kind of been put on hold, but we will once this is lifted, or whatever you want to say.
Natalie Austin: So you were married, and then you got divorced and then now you're kind of dating again.
Kathryn Bolles: We never
Kathryn Bolles: Got divorce.
Natalie Austin: No, we were just
Kathryn Bolles: We were just separated. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You still considered married done
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Yes. Okay. So you're married. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Movie that job and they might have some online dating or online a marriage counseling. I don't know.
Kathryn Bolles: Me. Yeah.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You never know.
Kathryn Bolles: They're doing everything via you know these kind of like telemedicine.
Kathryn Bolles: Things. So
Natalie Austin: This is really booming.
Natalie Austin: Aspect the medicine.
Kathryn Bolles: I think it's a great idea. I mean, I hope.
Kathryn Bolles: They continue to do it like once
Natalie Austin: I do to
Kathryn Bolles: This is all over. I mean, I feel like it keeps the germs or whatever, you know, out of doctors offices. You don't need to go there unless you need like
Kathryn Bolles: A procedure or something like that. There's no reason just to go in to get
Kathryn Bolles: Like I know for my thyroid meds, like I have to go in, just to get my meds felt like I had to go see the doctor just for him to be like
Kathryn Bolles: How you doing, you okay okay here. Let me right you have another prescription for six months, like to avoid things like that, just to avoid germs of going into a an office visit or whatever.
Natalie Austin: The boys emissions gasoline time everything
Kathryn Bolles: Right, yeah. Yeah, so much more convenient, especially, you know, having two kids. I don't have to Kurt to
Kathryn Bolles: The doctor with me and
Natalie Austin: I wasn't the doctors long the other day at the hospital. I work at. And there's two primary care doctors talking about this and I joined in, you know, and they said, We hope this continues. They said the same thing.
Natalie Austin: They said we really we love seeing patients this way and you can see a lot more
Natalie Austin: doesn't waste a lot of time when I'm sitting in the office. Exactly.
Kathryn Bolles: Right, well yeah are sitting there.
Kathryn Bolles: Waiting for 40 minutes just because they're running behind or, you know,
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: It's crazy on the voice of time.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And then vitals, you know, they can just go to Rite Aid and go on the machine and then tell us the vitals. What we were
Natalie Austin: Right. They were doing. I'm like, That is genius, you know,
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah. Or you can even get like
Kathryn Bolles: Like I know machine have one blood pressure machine here and the things take your heart rate and
Kathryn Bolles: All that stuff you can do that stuff at home. Yeah, exactly. And just tell them
Natalie Austin: You know what your readings are
Natalie Austin: You. I think it's amazing.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so I mean they're even talking about continuing that so I hope it does too.
Kathryn Bolles: It's yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: I think it's a great idea.
Kathryn Bolles: Mm hmm.
Natalie Austin: I mean, even with all everyone's saying home like the climate has gotten better, like the emissions.
Natalie Austin: Is great. Not much smoke and fog out there. I mean,
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, there's yeah they're saying a lot of things have gotten better like
Kathryn Bolles: You know, people are actually getting back to what like really matters. Instead of, you know,
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: People are cooking meals at home. Now, kids or families are sitting at the table eating now and they're playing game.
Kathryn Bolles: Again,
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, we were. I mean, we're a family that is guilty of being so busy because I run a business from home until like I'm constantly, you know, doing stuff for work at home. And so it's hard to it's hard for me to separate work from home because I work in my home, you know,
Kathryn Bolles: Right, and so we are super guilty, especially like what it was just me and the kids of eating out
Kathryn Bolles: Like every single night.
Kathryn Bolles: Like never come home and ever since this started. We have saved so much money not going out to eat, and we all do. Like we never would sit down at the dinner table and eat together every night we sit down at the dinner table together. So I mean it's just
Kathryn Bolles: It makes you realize like the things that you kind of take for granted, like
I know
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And that's the only good thing out of all this.
Kathryn Bolles: Right, yeah.
Natalie Austin: There's a silver lining to
Kathryn Bolles: It has definitely brought some good along with a lot of bad obviously but
Kathryn Bolles: It's definitely brought some good, I think, to a lot of people
Natalie Austin: I know people baking more I made read the other day older than that. And so long, so we can get to the store something I'll make some
Natalie Austin: Munchies before you know all this happen.
Natalie Austin: Made
Natalie Austin: So yes, it's neat freak started a new hobbies are all at all, all those
Kathryn Bolles: No, not really.
Kathryn Bolles: But I mean we're definitely like playing outside more like my kids have a sandbox and you know sidewalk chalk and
Natalie Austin: Oh, yeah.
Kathryn Bolles: So, I mean, we're definitely like doing a lot more stuff together and you know being like outside because you know we can be in our backyard or they can ride bikes or, you know, things like that. So just doing
Kathryn Bolles: A lot of that stuff when the weather permits because our weather here is crazy, like one day, it's
Kathryn Bolles: 80 degrees. The next day, it's 45 degrees. It's snowing. And I'm like,
Kathryn Bolles: And then I've noticed that, like with the rain or like the snow, like I get really bad headaches and I get really bad like sore throats like I get really sick, like with the change of weather and then of
Kathryn Bolles: Course my anxiety tells me
Kathryn Bolles: Oh my god did when you go to the grocery store. You got this, you know, covert or what I've been a
Kathryn Bolles: Cycle if they
Kathryn Bolles: Stay away from me. Don't touch me. I could be sick.
Natalie Austin: Funny.
Natalie Austin: Social history. So you're yeah you're married.
Kathryn Bolles: Um, he
Natalie Austin: What do you do, what's your employment.
Kathryn Bolles: I own a clothing boutique and online clothing boutique
Natalie Austin: That's cool.
Natalie Austin: It's like, do you have to close your house or you sell it.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Oh really, yeah.
Kathryn Bolles: We store everything here we
Kathryn Bolles: I got the business license last year, but then I started going through, like all of like my medical
Kathryn Bolles: Stuff, like I said, like I was diagnosed with the thyroid and stuff like last April.
Kathryn Bolles: And that's right around when I got like my business license and everything in place so it kind of like took a halt, but around like Christmas time is about, like, when it really started up. So, I mean, we're still really small.
Kathryn Bolles: And hopefully we'll be able to, like, move into like a warehouse space and you know
Kathryn Bolles: Or even like open a storefront or something like that in the future.
Kathryn Bolles: But right now we just do everything out of our house and sell via like live sales like on Facebook.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Natalie Austin: Stuff like that. Sorry dear.
Natalie Austin: Product from
Kathryn Bolles: Vendors in Los Angeles.
Kathryn Bolles: So right now it's kind of hard.
Kathryn Bolles: Because a lot of LA is shut down.
Kathryn Bolles: But we have a couple of vendors that we work with that are outside of the LA area that are still up and operating. So we're kind of working with them.
Kathryn Bolles: Right now, just to keep it going. But business in general is just slower now because, you know, people aren't working, and don't know
Kathryn Bolles: You know, can't get access to their unemployment or, you know,
Natalie Austin: Cash flow.
Kathryn Bolles: Right.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah. And then that affects us but
Kathryn Bolles: We're still selling. So, I mean, that's good. Whether it's a little or you know a lot at least it's still like we're still active. So it still keeps our name out there. Our business out there, you know, for when things. Eventually, I guess you go back to normal.
Natalie Austin: Well, that's really cool.
Natalie Austin: First, we're called
Kathryn Bolles: It's called fired by grace.
Kathryn Bolles: Kind of just because of, like, I guess our story like to have grace with people and my daughter's name is Gracie.
Natalie Austin: Oh no play
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, that is so cool. I'll check that is on Facebook.
Natalie Austin: Yep. Check it out.
Natalie Austin: And use use PayPal or something to buy,
Kathryn Bolles: Right now, we use the cash app. I don't know if you're
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, use the cash, you have to invoice because it's just easier for us. But we're as we're getting bigger. I don't know if you've ever heard of comments sold the comments old system.
Kathryn Bolles: It's a
Kathryn Bolles: It's a live selling platform where
Kathryn Bolles: Basically they give you like a free website, they give you like an app. So like your customers can download an app to your phone to view like your inventory and then you can go live in the app as opposed to like Facebook or you can do both.
Kathryn Bolles: Simultaneously, and then like when people would claim something
Natalie Austin: Like, everything is assigned a number and then
Kathryn Bolles: It automatically is placed like in a cart for them. And so then they can add their leisure like just go and check out like instead of waiting around for an invoice, sir, and it just keeps track of inventory and
What's
What's common soul.
Natalie Austin: Co me aunty. Yep.
Natalie Austin: So,
Kathryn Bolles: Ellie And it's all one word. Yep.
Natalie Austin: Okay console app that's cool.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, it's really cool.
Team.
Natalie Austin: And you've already signed up with them or you're thinking about it or
Kathryn Bolles: We're yeah we're thinking about it, we're in the process of it. It's just we don't because of, like, a lot of our vendors being closed right now. Like we don't have a ton of inventory
Kathryn Bolles: And so we're kind of on a like
Kathryn Bolles: Delivery by delivery basis, like when we get something delivered will go live and show it, and our stuff kind of like because we carry really low quantities, because we're still so small kind of sells out right away so
Kathryn Bolles: There's nothing really for us to upload to an app or to a website or anything like that, or at least not a lot
Kathryn Bolles: I see kind of waiting until like this is over to where we can kind of
Kathryn Bolles: You know stock up on more stuff and then
Kathryn Bolles: It'll make more sense for us tonight.
Kathryn Bolles: So that people then can go like if they miss alive sale or something like that. They can go shop on the app or the website or
Kathryn Bolles: Right. Or they want to. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I say about you can say, you know, 10 left least you'll have your inventory set right
Kathryn Bolles: Right.
Natalie Austin: Pretty left or yeah so that way.
Natalie Austin: It's not there. Yeah, yeah.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, and then it
Kathryn Bolles: prints out all your shipping labels like packing slow
Kathryn Bolles: Down everything. Like, it just makes it makes everything super simple.
Kathryn Bolles: Instead of like manually having to kind of do everything so
Natalie Austin: It sounds really cool.
Natalie Austin: And you said you're a teacher to you have a teacher certificate
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, I do. I have my bachelor's degree in early childhood education.
Kathryn Bolles: And a reading endorsement and then I
Kathryn Bolles: Finished half of a master's degree.
Kathryn Bolles: In educational psychology
Kathryn Bolles: And I taught for, I don't know, maybe 10 years, eight years, up until my son was born, and then it made more sense for me to stay home than to send him today care.
Kathryn Bolles: Just because of the costumes and we were in a place at that time, like where my husband made enough financially to
Kathryn Bolles: Be the only one that worked at the time. And then I just kind of never went back to it. Since then, because that I started after my son was a couple of years old.
Kathryn Bolles: You know, I started looking into doing things from home. Like, I tried out different like you know like MLM companies and, you know, things like that, just to make a little bit of extra money like from home and stuff so
Natalie Austin: I already go back and finish your masters.
Kathryn Bolles: Oh,
Natalie Austin: I was like,
Kathryn Bolles: I say
Kathryn Bolles: I want to just because it's something that really interests me. I don't. I honestly if I'm being honest, I don't have any interest in going back in teaching, um,
Kathryn Bolles: I, I used to like it. And then I went back once my husband went to jail. I had to, obviously I went back to teaching that year.
Kathryn Bolles: And I just was I wasn't a huge fan of it anymore, but the the educational psychology part of it and working as like a school counselor.
Kathryn Bolles: Even in like a high school setting or something like that, like, you know, helping kids like figure out what they're gonna do for college or
Kathryn Bolles: You know, things like that that interests me more than teaching. So if I were to do anything, you know, that would be what I would want to do if I were to like go back like to work outside the home. So yeah, I'd like to say I would
Kathryn Bolles: Want to finish it. But again, money is a factor in trying to to finish it, but I thought about doing it just like online and just slowly like one class at a time.
Kathryn Bolles: You know, if it takes me five more years to finish it, but
Kathryn Bolles: At least, I would still have it and then
Natalie Austin: Yeah, just because you put off the work into it already.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, that's all like
Natalie Austin: I put so much into it already, you know,
Kathryn Bolles: Like
Natalie Austin: A lot of work.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, I
Kathryn Bolles: Did it up until like I had my son, and then I plan to only take one semester off like because he was born in July.
Kathryn Bolles: So I plan to take that fall semester off.
Kathryn Bolles: And then I kind of just never went back well because then after that is kind of to, like, a year after that is kind of what things with my husband started kind of going down hill, though. Yeah, yeah.
Natalie Austin: And you were alone for three years when he was in prison. Right.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: The men tough.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, it was horrible because we lost because like he was the sole like income provider. So we lost our house. It was foreclosed on like all our cars were repossessed.
Kathryn Bolles: Like we were basically homeless, like we had to basically start over from nothing like at one point I honestly was just like, I didn't know what to do. And I put what we did have left as far as like our clothes and things into a rental car and we moved to North Carolina and
Kathryn Bolles: Because I
Kathryn Bolles: Was I had a bunch of like teaching interviews down there because they're more native teachers like down south and up here.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they are repayment.
Kathryn Bolles: Okay, a lot better.
Kathryn Bolles: So,
Kathryn Bolles: We went down there, you know, for a while and then like a hurricane season came around, because we lived in Wilmington.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, pretty good. Right. And we live there. Right.
Kathryn Bolles: That same summer that the hurricane came through and the
Kathryn Bolles: Hurricane actually took out our house.
Kathryn Bolles: But we had come back. We weren't
Kathryn Bolles: There like
Natalie Austin: Wow, good.
Kathryn Bolles: But we had come back right before because I was like, I'm not saying down here, like when there's hurricanes going on. So we kind of came back to Ohio.
Kathryn Bolles: I did stay with my parents for a little while and then you know the hurricane happen. I was like,
Kathryn Bolles: I can't do that every year that's gonna happen like and so then we just decided to stay here and I got like a small apartment and not so great neighborhood. But now we're out of it and we live in a nicer house and a nicer city.
Natalie Austin: Good for you, you accomplished a lot
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: No back on your feet, your strong woman.
Natalie Austin: You're the one you know. Yeah. Wow, that's amazing what what you've accomplished.
Natalie Austin: For you.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, it's crazy. It's crazy to think back at what our life was. I mean, just like
Kathryn Bolles: Three to four years ago to what it is now. It's completely different.
Natalie Austin: Oh, I'm off all because of you, your hard work. It's a lot of work. That's amazing.
Kathryn Bolles: Mm hmm.
Natalie Austin: As kids probably in the back of your mind. Right. You're like, striving for.
Kathryn Bolles: Oh yeah, for sure, because that's
Natalie Austin: What I
Kathryn Bolles: said multiple times. Like if I didn't have them.
Kathryn Bolles: I don't know where I would be right now. I don't know that I wouldn't have
Kathryn Bolles: Like turn to drugs or, you know, like anything like that. Or, you know,
Kathryn Bolles: So,
Natalie Austin: That's something you got to pat yourself on the back. That's wonderful.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, thank you.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: Um, any tobacco use raw or marijuana or alcohol use.
Kathryn Bolles: I do smoke cigarettes. I don't
Kathryn Bolles: Smoke weed or anything like that. And I don't drink at all.
Natalie Austin: And then a cigarette pack a day, half a pack. Two packs.
Kathryn Bolles: I'm probably around half a pack a day.
Natalie Austin: Since age, what
Kathryn Bolles: Oh God at night.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm
Natalie Austin: Okay, any allergies.
Natalie Austin: Allergies anything
No.
Natalie Austin: And the medications you just take that method was all
Kathryn Bolles: Any of us, no nothing, it's just
Natalie Austin: And they'd be born or from film to film. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'll just add that to your list. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay review of systems you have any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, any signs of withdrawal.
Kathryn Bolles: Like at this moment, no.
Natalie Austin: Patient headache things up right now.
Kathryn Bolles: No.
Natalie Austin: No good. Okay, relax.
Kathryn Bolles: talking to somebody, sometimes kind of helps like just being able to talk to another adult
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, good. Hey look very relaxed. So you have 14 point system essentially negative
Natalie Austin: No, anxiety, depression, nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, a physical exam general a lot about one or female Nokia distress at AMP T Perillo forget pauses attack lungs non labor aspirations admin on distended extremities no demon skin know
Natalie Austin: rashes.
Natalie Austin: How tall are you,
Kathryn Bolles: Five. Six.
Natalie Austin: Is five, six and wait 141 for you.
Natalie Austin: That at the top vital signs stable I'm Sigler Marina times three wasn't a cooperative neuro cranial nerves to through 12 and tact.
Natalie Austin: Assessment.
Natalie Austin: opioid abuse 11.10 hyperthyroidism anxiety low back pain.
Natalie Austin: Then plan. What do we have every Thursday we have group either noon or at six. There's maybe 1015 people we kind of do it just like this.
Natalie Austin: We all go into a zoom room and we have a therapist. I'm there as well. Therapist, Russia, she runs. She has different topics every week. It's a pretty cool way of fun.
Kathryn Bolles: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I joke around and talking about are we good stuff. So, okay, very simple and Loki no stress involved at all.
Natalie Austin: And then, you know, if you need a refill or like meds aren't working or something's going on with with you whatever
Natalie Austin: Where you got an individual with me.
Kathryn Bolles: Okay, but
Natalie Austin: I mean, I think that's enough for most people just doing weekly and i i'm with you guys anyway.
Natalie Austin: So you can have an appointment with me and that they're basalt, the same time.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: require more that's fine too.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll send you a will do monthly urine drug screens.
Natalie Austin: Okay, some of them. They've been sending you can do from home, you just take a picture of it up in a cop and you take a picture like Ron video
Kathryn Bolles: And say, hey,
Kathryn Bolles: That's what she told me that she like whoever I call first. I think that's what she told me she was going to do is send something in the mail and then I was supposed to call and they would give me instructions or something on how to open it and do right
Natalie Austin: Okay, pretty cool. You don't believe. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so does that monthly and we have just a one time I know the labs are missing labs are closed or a limited hours, but eventually
Natalie Austin: We might just for you to get your general labs, just to check your long. I mean, your liver and kidneys, but it's nothing sound like you need to get it this week.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Kathryn Bolles: Within a web based
Kathryn Bolles: They sent me an email about like a question or something that's like
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, I was from my house.
Natalie Austin: Yes, she said, just to go as soon as like the shelter at home order is lifted and they're back open or whatever to just go in
Kathryn Bolles: Because I think ours is inside like our Walmart or something like that here. So,
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah. So whenever you can. That's not in pairs, not imperative that you do this week, or this month even whenever. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So check monthly yours tobacco cessation Scott's mental health exam completed son copy to Dr. Jamison for cosine
Natalie Austin: I want to check your farm team.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I want to, I want to put you I'm not leaving on the switching screens here. So you're gonna see okay
Natalie Austin: Let's go into this other account.
Natalie Austin: Just send your prescription in. Okay.
Okay.
Kathryn Bolles: Hey,
Natalie Austin: Central Avenue.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So where you want it to go. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Now this thing.
Natalie Austin: This will send you a text. A good Rx but that way. You know, I sent the prescription. It's kind of bizarre but that's the only way to know that I sent it. So if you ever wonder, did she send it know what's my prescription seven instead of you having to call our office, we get this text.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, it just popped up on my phone.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I guess. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I think it's kind of bizarre but it, it tells you guys, so I'm like, what the heck.
Natalie Austin: Oh, you're not wondering, I did she send that or is it
Natalie Austin: That's like the step before I hit the Go button.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I just sent it.
Natalie Austin: Okay. He does not even pharmacy. I did they text you whenever things come in. Whenever you're giving
Kathryn Bolles: Know I usually have to call
Natalie Austin: Should be what with an hour. So I would hope.
Yeah.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah. Usually when I call it like my refills for like my thyroid is within like an hour to it's ready.
Natalie Austin: Prescriptions when you were down in
Natalie Austin: North Carolina.
Kathryn Bolles: No, no.
Natalie Austin: Okay, this is I'm sending this a
Natalie Austin: Website on now just checks all your prescriptions for those like the area, whatever.
Natalie Austin: Just required by the state.
Natalie Austin: 1984. Is that a millennial millennial
Kathryn Bolles: You know, I don't know how
Kathryn Bolles: That works. I always get confused. I think so.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, I think, always. They like blame everything on the millennial
Kathryn Bolles: Like real
Kathryn Bolles: It's really whatever is after the millennials is what is who they're talking about, I think, and I always get so confused. I'm like, No, that's not right. You're not talking about Millennials. But I think the millennials ends like, you know, MID 90s late 90s, or so.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, the 2000s babies which are called something completely different. I don't even know.
Natalie Austin: So confused. Yeah, my place for what it is.
Natalie Austin: And your
Natalie Austin: Birthday is the attempt 21 1984 right
Kathryn Bolles: Correct, yes.
Natalie Austin: And last name, Bo LL, yes.
Kathryn Bolles: Yes.
Natalie Austin: First Name seat or k th R y n
Natalie Austin: Yes name.
Natalie Austin: Right elegant
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah, I knew a lot of people that I went to school with that were actually go by, Katie. Um, and I knew a lot of people. I went to school with named Katherine and
Kathryn Bolles: That go that also went by, Katie. And there's was like ca th or k th er I and II and there was only one girl that I knew that had the same exact spelling of Catherine has I did and we were actually on the same cheerleading squad in high school. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, here's the most common. The one you the way you have your spouse and it was over the sea.
Kathryn Bolles: I think it's with its with it. I think it's with a K, but it's usually k th er, ay, and he is usually how most people like I have my sister in law's name is Catherine as well.
Kathryn Bolles: And she supposed hers k th er I end
Natalie Austin: Okay, there's yeah there's so many ways to spell it. That's amazing.
Yeah, thanks.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, I didn't know they sent to you, I was able to find a Quest Diagnostics three miles away. That's pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: Good. Right.
Natalie Austin: I'll do. Any other questions for me.
Kathryn Bolles: I don't think so. I think I guess my only question would be, like, with
Kathryn Bolles: With you guys like do you guys like have, like, do you guys strictly only work with like prescribing like Suboxone like is there like a doctor or like a therapist like through you guys that would work with me, like with anxiety medication as well, or are you guys like strictly
Natalie Austin: You know we are we are in the midst of hiring a psychiatrist, we are
Natalie Austin: Yes. Other our other states. I believe have psychiatrist but Ohio. We do not, there must be a shortage in your state. Is there a shortage of psychiatrists
Kathryn Bolles: Probably because the list of psychiatrists, like I said that I got wasn't very long and
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: From Pennsylvania and there's a shortage here to of psychiatry.
Natalie Austin: I don't know what it is but
Natalie Austin: I'm so we're we're looking to hire one and when we do
Natalie Austin: That that's probably an option for you.
Natalie Austin: Ask again like in a couple of weeks.
Natalie Austin: Just call call in the main number and just ask them, you know, do you guys hire a psychiatrist yet for Ohio.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay, because there is a man. I know they're in the midst of doing this already, so I don't know when it's going to go through, but
Natalie Austin: It's worth a call. Just keep this call the main number just ask them to say you're on the Ohio group.
Natalie Austin: Okay, told that they were gonna hire psychiatrists and you're interested. So, okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I'll even let them know to put you on
Natalie Austin: You know, like if there's a psychiatrist once they get hired will let you know you want
Kathryn Bolles: Yes, please.
Okay, cool.
Natalie Austin: To put you in the group on Thursdays. The name grip thing really full and the clock group is it as high as eight in it by now. So we're going to start another one I think on Monday at some point that will let you know.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll probably tell you all the different options. Okay. And then you just pick whatever one you want.
Okay.
Kathryn Bolles: And how long do those usually last
Natalie Austin: About an hour. But like I said, there's no they're laid back. I mean, you can take even particular video off for you know when you're not talking just listen to still go about whatever you have to do. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay. A lot of people just put it on foot.
Natalie Austin: So you can slash the video just if you have to feed the baby or feed the cat. The cat like cat or whatever. No.
Natalie Austin: Okay, still listening because he loved your, your headset. So you can still offer on the house and if you have to do your laundry full it or whatever.
Natalie Austin: Okay, listening and
Natalie Austin: That counts as you a big part of it, everyone's busy people are busy with kids and stuff at home.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Wants to see a psychiatrist.
Natalie Austin: When we hire one
Natalie Austin: For anxiety meds. Right.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Please let her know
Natalie Austin: When this becomes available.
Natalie Austin: You might find out before I do
Natalie Austin: I call you. Yeah, please let her know when this becomes available. Okay, cool.
Natalie Austin: All right, and like Flynn.
Natalie Austin: Okay, any other books are good questions or any other questions.
Kathryn Bolles: Um, no, I don't think so. So with the on the medication is it. I'm going to take it twice a day, then, is that we said, oh,
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Pick one in the morning, like you said, like in our rock you get up. Don't some people take it like soon as I get up and then aware of this.
Natalie Austin: This way, like an hour.
Natalie Austin: Okay and and then 12 hours later, take the other one. Like if you take it like an eight, together on eight.
Kathryn Bolles: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And don't take this don't think they even one too soon, because then you wake up in the morning and you won't feel well.
Natalie Austin: Right. Make sure spaced out correctly for your body, no body.
Natalie Austin: Your body will tell you what to do.
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay. It was nice meeting you.
Kathryn Bolles: Yeah. It was nice meeting you too.
Natalie Austin: And hopefully I'll see you Thursday. OK.
Natalie Austin: OK. OK.
Kathryn Bolles: OK. All right. Thank you. Bye.
Bye.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Me back up again.
Natalie Austin: Come on today.
Natalie Austin: You still were
Natalie Austin: Blown away.
Natalie Austin: Today,
Natalie Austin: Let's get more done
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: This is the best
Natalie Austin: Color GRAY GRAY
Natalie Austin: Color
Natalie Austin: Gray.
Natalie Austin: And plethora of colors holding over
Natalie Austin: Mouse.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: What do you do with them.
Natalie Austin: Just say no, don't lie.
Natalie Austin: Just tell the truth. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Why is the worst thing you can do
Natalie Austin: This
Natalie Austin: Is enough. Oh, so you don't like it. Anyway, your excuses. That's not my paper either funny son draw them out first and cut it out.
Natalie Austin: Now,
Natalie Austin: You know with this, with this.
Natalie Austin: Is all the picture up against. We know it looks like
Natalie Austin: It.
Natalie Austin: Looks like this.
Natalie Austin: There's this whole thing.
Natalie Austin: It's not even the cheese.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, we can log in. So I can draw from there.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so you want you want to scale it to the cheese. So it's probably up to here, right.
Natalie Austin: Now it goes until I
Natalie Austin: Make this much space.
Natalie Austin: Today, so the bottom looks like this. Let's do the bottom first. See the tree on us.
Natalie Austin: So it's, it's a cheap. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's the body and then there's a squeeze me. Yeah, they're all it's all looks like it's separate. So let's cut them all out separately.
Natalie Austin: So cut this out to glue it here's just use a glue stick it says
Natalie Austin: Here's his head. What
Natalie Austin: It would be harder for you.
Natalie Austin: You're
Natalie Austin: All together. Yeah, we're supposed to glue it
Natalie Austin: Is fine.
Natalie Austin: One of the mouse on top of it them.
Natalie Austin: Looks like it's glued is because I go to a party because I think the magic mice can move their heads up and down outline
Natalie Austin: Color
Natalie Austin: On
Natalie Austin: The cheeks new role Skinner. Oh look, look, look.
Natalie Austin: How cheeks are fat gain a
Natalie Austin: Nice car for dads I'm bigger Linda been
Natalie Austin: Nine make the
Natalie Austin: Mouth.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Details.
Natalie Austin: History
Natalie Austin: The easiest
Natalie Austin: Creepy
Natalie Austin: I think the tail on
Natalie Austin: Here.
Natalie Austin: That's your mouse. What do we cut it out, cut it out for you you color it out the end. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Nice nice nice gray and pink and black.
Natalie Austin: No, no, a color get locked
Natalie Austin: Out.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Right.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Great.
Natalie Austin: great grandkids. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Here.
Natalie Austin: Like regular
Natalie Austin: Regular great
Natalie Austin: I'll rip the box over. I'll see you need
Natalie Austin: One day,
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Please.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: Once a day going to be right on here that yellow a lot. So where's my stuff like so take your vitamins.
Natalie Austin: To take your vitamins.
Natalie Austin: Quickly.
Natalie Austin: Like every
Natalie Austin: 10 minutes
Natalie Austin: Here's a station in my life of country music.
Natalie Austin: Open doors.
Natalie Austin: Security
Natalie Austin: First
Natalie Austin: Or something.
Natalie Austin: Like 1520 minutes
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Your stuff online for their
Natalie Austin: Is came home.
Natalie Austin: Please don't gotta go pick the stuff on
Natalie Austin: Right. Yeah, they can have will take out your car.
Natalie Austin: Past couple weeks and then problems. Why do you work that out was a bad today.
Natalie Austin: Can you send him an iPhone.
Natalie Austin: Mask.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Actually yeah it looks really good.
Natalie Austin: Expected again where you smack people smacking him everybody
Natalie Austin: That we began
Natalie Austin: Thank you. Thank you. Snatch someone like that. Oh, it's mostly Asia, he grabs the film goes, Okay, you don't need to show me. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: With your mom.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Natalie Austin: Hey, you only three kids can get the other one in there. I have to get stuff for the manner, but I want to take it apart just for one after
Natalie Austin: Those three pieces in there yet.
Natalie Austin: Very nice.
Natalie Austin: Super handsome. Stop it.
Natalie Austin: Is yours.
Natalie Austin: Where
Natalie Austin: You get this
Natalie Austin: What is it well.
Natalie Austin: No.
I
Natalie Austin: Never saw them.
Natalie Austin: Works done
Oh,
Natalie Austin: Hi.
Natalie Austin: Don't sit out this mousetrap.
Natalie Austin: already fixed it. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Once
Natalie Austin: Okay, we're gonna say what this I'm
Natalie Austin: Near pod.
Natalie Austin: Near pod and we're gonna find out. Here's near pod right here. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Max.
Natalie Austin: Max Egan over here.
Natalie Austin: Man.
Natalie Austin: What am I gonna break it.
Natalie Austin: Door.
Natalie Austin: Drink too.
Natalie Austin: Hot dogs in there. Yeah, but you can get it.
Natalie Austin: Maybe
Natalie Austin: You can get
Natalie Austin: Away.
Natalie Austin: Go. It's on the fridge, go look at it, what
Natalie Austin: Everyone else gets thrown hot dogs.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Get over here, Max, what
Natalie Austin: Is your next time work why
Natalie Austin: Am ABI
Natalie Austin: And you have to do this and near POC slide show.
Natalie Austin: The video phenomenal were
Natalie Austin: Complete the practice book pages in your pod. Here you go. Welcome to the session. What's your nickname.
Natalie Austin: Asked max Austin.
Natalie Austin: One.
Natalie Austin: Be and what
Natalie Austin: You hear me.
Natalie Austin: Okay, here. Come here.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you gotta scratch on
Natalie Austin: Max to get over here.
Natalie Austin: And they were all playing country and do it on purpose. I hear you're fine. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it looks so beautiful.
Natalie Austin: Here.
Natalie Austin: You're still fine.
Natalie Austin: Space.
Natalie Austin: Hey,
Natalie Austin: We're here now.
Natalie Austin: Max.
Natalie Austin: That's what happened.
Natalie Austin: To Max here.
Natalie Austin: This is this is today's lesson.
Natalie Austin: Here, but no one can put food back here guys, there's flies all over the place.
Natalie Austin: Nice.
Natalie Austin: To watch the video.